[music]
and hello to all dear friends with you I
bun today I will show how to pump
games on her speed
I think everyone who has psp or who wants
to acquire
no longer thinking about how to download games
and saunas are stitched and of course but then I
did saw somehow flash because
it is very easy
I was pouring with Fei about the firmware because
I did not know yet did not watch the video was afraid
souls i saw videos of how they stitch to
programs but was afraid and for our 1000
rubles
about shilova but six months later she flew off
and how in the end I myself downloaded
set but she fly off but you
click on the program and all the hum
it works but now let's not
let's start for example you downloaded by
some game
no citizens have downloaded the game and
hooked up drinking in front of the computer and
you do not have a folder here and you need it yourself
create create go into it and already
court throw all the games that wave
As I put the kill zone Grishin take
some time around
but here I have all the games that
Eat me
I obse all the memory of him for dinner and so
same court music and ripen and folders
for example a video topic his son here in
sand and game should throw games
cohon
also cossacks need games for emulator
playstation 1 with this is a game for wasteland on
It can also be played on psp or there
such as mini-games, so it is necessary to speak of
You can also flush the firmware
theme pictures
but it's all so important to you
games and the movie is so easy
I want to flip the mp4 format right away and
everything is basically everything he gave now
toss it tosses and sat down but I
I think probably you should not show
On and off from the screen that she is there
how to include yes I think you will understand
yourself and I think you like me
still it is a developing channel
it's pretty hard for me to develop it
Yes, even recording because
Subscribers come little unwind
Canal PR
I may be pushing the then well until
no money to spend
I already want you to be me
subscribers and i will try me that
monetization is enabled and I want more
connect 8 partner okay I will not
speak
Thank you all subscribe and place
huskies
call them friends here so they too
I was watched by everyone